Update contributing guide and design (#429)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: CONTRIBUTING.md

python -m pytest -v
```

### Test cases <a id="Test_case_description"></a>

### Test marking <a id="Test_marking"></a>

For better integration with CI and requirements tracking,
we use special annotations for tests.

> A test needs to marked with a requirement it is related to. To mark a

Author: ```suggestion
A test needs to linked with a requirement it is related to. To link a
```
